docs: Add tip for running `ANALYZE` after a snapshot restore (#18576)
crate/crate: docs/admin/snapshots.rst

    ... WITH (wait_for_completion=true);
    RESTORE OK, 1 row affected (... sec)

.. TIP::

    After restoring a snapshot which affects tables/partitions and their data,

>     the table statistics could be stale, and potentially leading to slow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the table statistics of the restored tables aren't available yet, and potentially leading to slow
```
